# 3D-Shooting-Game
A 3d FPS(First-Person shooter) game, created at 2022 fall. <br>
This repository is homework from [**Interaction Design and Virtual Reality, 2022 Fall**](https://timetable.nycu.edu.tw/?r=main/crsoutline&Acy=111&Sem=1&CrsNo=535520&lang=zh-tw) in NYCU. 
# Author
| github account |   class   | studentID |   name   |
|----------------|-----------|-----------|----------|
|  yxuan0329     | 多媒體工程所碩一 | 311553051 | 梁芸瑄   |

# Environment
Unity version: 2020.3.40



# How to start the game

  Check the folder IDVR_311553051_HW1,and  open "Shoot the Gummy.exe".
  Click the mouse to play the game. 

# Stage Instruction
  Stage 1: Kill all the gummies in the sky. 
           Shoot the special coin for bonus: slow down the gummies.

  Stage 2: Kill all the giant gummies in the sky. 
           The giant gummies should be shot 5 times.

# Feature Design
  - Game Style: Candy house scene, with a lot of lovely desserts.
    The user has to shoot the gummies with a chocolate bar.

  - Visual Effect: The buildings were redesigned into candy houses and desserts.

  - Sound Effect: Background music and shooting sound effects were added.
    The background music was imported by GameObject "Background Music" in Unity.
    The sound effect of shooting was involved in other new prefabs, when the bullet collides the enemies,
    both of them will be destroyed, and the new prefab (with sound effect) will be generated.

  - Menu Screen: A menu screen will be shown at the beginning of the game.
    It will also show the game rule to the users. The menu was designed in illustrator.

  - UI text on the donut: Displaying the current score of the user,
    and show messages when the game is finished. 

  - Gummies: The enemies in stage 1 of the game. After shooting, the gummy will be destroyed.

  - Giant Gummies: The enemies in stage 2 of the game. Each of them has 5 lives before shooting down.
    After shooting, the giant gummy will be destroyed.
  
  - Coin: Extra bonus. The coin will display in random area in stage 1.
    If the user shoots the coin, the gummies will be frozen and slow down their moving speed.


# Folders in the Assets
  - Audios: All the audio files in this game.
  - Fonts: The special fonts used in the UI text.
  - Inputs: The scene file generated by Unity.
  - Materials: All the texture and color materials we needed in this project.
  - Models: All the 3D models in this project, including bullet, gun, gummy bears, and other buildings.
  - Prefabs: Including bullet, gummies, and sound prefabs.
  - Scenes: There is only one scene in this project: SpaceInvader.
  - Scripts: C# file in the project.
    - BigGummyController.cs : The moving speed and position of the giant gummy.
    - BulletController.cs : The moving effect and collision of the bullet.
    - EnemyController.cs : The moving speed and position of the gummy.
    - EnemyManager.cs : Set the position of the enemies.
    - GameManager.cs : UI setting, scene setting, check the game result of the user.
    - Menu.cs : Display the menu at the beginning of the game.
    - PlayerController.cs : The setting of the gun.
  - UI: The main menu in the game.
